you notice anything different about the
soup is this a quiz I got it right there
I get not a poser
don't want you to get it right that
means what I did worked I'm gonna get it
wrong on purpose laughs for once in your
life can you be bloody No yeah I'm
normal very normal
[Music]
where's NOLA proven it tomorrow Sousa
the lights managers why don't you just
take more Tomatoes
what's wrong with you
[Music]
she's been left early
it's only a fish we still have to feed
it flashy flashy
[Music]
there isn't a moment I won't be there
with it in a particular style today
[Music]
it suits you
whatever door doesn't take hot tea cozy
[Music]
this feeling that if I can get through
it but somehow change me I don't think
it has I don't think I wanted to
[Music]
you